Strings and String-Methods (Little Sister's Essay & Little Sister's Vocab) Typos & Revisions (#2497)
exercism/python: exercises/concept/little-sisters-vocab/.docs/instructions.md

# Instructions

> You're helping your younger sister with her English vocabulary homework, which she's finding very tedious.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are helping your younger sister with her English vocabulary homework, which she's finding very tedious.
```
